DataGrid: Add summary column info (#7944)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDataGrid/1 Configuration/summary/totalItems/column.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies the summary item data column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the summary item's data column.
```

---
To specify the data column of a summary item, assign a column [name](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/name.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#name'), [data field](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/dataField.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataField') or [caption](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/caption.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#caption') to this property. DataGrid uses this column's values to calculate the summary item.

The component displays summary items in their corresponding data columns. To display a summary item in another column, configure the [showInColumn](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/summary/totalItems/showInColumn.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/summary/totalItems/#showInColumn') property.

[note]

> If you do not specify this property, note the following specifics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not specify **showInColumn**, note the following:
```

Author: The property in question is **column**, not **showInColumn**
```suggestion
If you do not specify **column**, note the following specifics:
```

> - The component does not display the summary item if you do not specify **showInColumn**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The component will not display the summary item.
```

Author: As per my previous comment, the property mentioned above this line is **column**, not **showInColumn**. Thus, I do not think we will be better off removing the second part of the sentence.

As for the replacement of "does" with "will", I thought our guidelines advise us to stick to present simple whenever possible? Please let me know if that is not the case.

Reviewer: The reason you added **showInColumn** makes sense now that I understand that these list items are for **column** (as you mentioned above). In this case, let's definitely keep "if you do not specify **showInColumn**".
I also agree with you that "does" would be better, so let's keep this line as is. Thanks.

> - DataGrid uses row data objects to calculate summaries. This affects calculated values. For instance, the *"max"* [summary type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/summary/totalItems/#summaryType) returns "[object Object]".

Reviewer: `DataGrid uses row data objects to calculate summaries. This affects calculated values.`

Can you clarify how these two sentences are connected?
Also, how does this relate to not specifying **showInColumn**?

Author: Given the "this property" above is **column** and not **showInColumn**, I assume this comment is no longer relevant. Please advise if you still feel the connection between the two mentioned sentences is not clear.

Reviewer: I just wanted to make sure whether the _ability to calculate summaries_ is what affects the calculated values. If my understanding is correct, then can we simply say:

`DataGrid uses row data objects to calculate summaries, which affects calculated values.`

Author: Yeah, that is correct. I will apply your suggestion, thank you.
